points well and really keeping Tomic
under pressure right now remember Tomic
was was up a break in this set had
chances to go up by three love-15 Robbie
I think against this guy when you get a
chance to put them away you have to you
don't put them away forget about it I
saw that in the opening set
dad's not happy at all understandably
sir but I don't think you want to look
up in the stands and say dad shaking his
head though you know that's why I sort
of questioned having a father-son
coaching player relationship what he's
got him certainly this for been there
for a long long time sometimes as a
parent it's very difficult to let go
when you have nurtured your son to an
incredible talent but you know Tomic has
had emotional issues on the tennis court
throughout his career when he was a
junior playing at the French he was
actually sent home for not trying in a
match and there are still questions as
to his ability to compete at the highest
level
but he's somehow able to get the hold
there and stay in front here in the
second set
he leads down a set he's annoying me I
know he's my father but he's annoying me
I want him to leave that house possible
and if you take him to me but it was not
oh god why don't you
if you see him then tell me what he
knows already
I caught him early
but thanks
well that's very interesting because
atomic is not happy with some of the
reactions of his dad and he's actually
got a warning for being coached by his
dad and after he's got the warning he's
actually said thank you to the other
party one thing on back right yeah I
sent one line area and he's saying I
want him to leave can you ask him to
leave and then the champer says we've
already done it and he said well if you
don't get him out he's not going to
leave
sorry
while interesting there folks on the
change of ends burn atomic it's just got
a warning for coaching but in fact he's
been happy to get it because he's
obviously being bothered by the reaction
of his dad to a lot of these points that
he's losing and after getting a warning
for being coached by his father there
he's actually thanked the umpire and
he's asked the umpire that his dad be
removed and it's funny we were just
commenting on having to look over him
and see the negative body language